Reduce CIS benchmark documentation page contents (#17108)
fleetdm/fleet: docs/Using Fleet/CIS-Benchmarks.md

```

## Limitations
Although Fleet is able to cover a large majority of benchmarks, Fleet's current set of benchmarks only implements benchmark auditing steps that can be automated.

> For a list of specific checks which are not covered by Fleet, please visit the README for each benchmark.

Reviewer: As a user viewing the docs, how do I get to the REAME?

```

## Limitations

> Certain benchmarks require human action to audit, and cannot be automated by Fleet. For a list of specific checks which are not covered, please visit the README for each benchmark:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Certain benchmarks require human action to audit, and cannot be automated by a policy in Fleet. For a list of specific benchmarks which are not covered, please visit the README for each benchmark:
```

Suggest throwing the word "policy" in here to familiarize users.

Just spoke w/ Sharon and he's aligned w/ simplifying "manual" => "not covered by Fleet"

> ### Manual vs. automated

Reviewer: @rachaelshaw, just spoke to @sharon-fdm and we decided that it makes sense to remove the concept of "manual v. automated remediation" entirely. 

Why? It just adds extra noise.

We can remove this section and remove the prefix for the resolutions (ex. "Automated method:"): https://github.com/fleetdm/fleet/blob/main/ee/cis/macos-13/cis-policy-queries.yml#L2192

Maybe makes sense to do as part of a separate PR so we can get this one merged. Up to you.

Reviewer 2: ➕
